Hito Sheyerl doubts the nature of VR as it leads to what she calls “bubble vision”. The term “bubble vision”, as Sheyerl defines, is the idea of our vision and reality being shaped by orbs or “bubbles”. She then refers to the painting “Salvator Mundi” by Leonardo Da Vinci, who painted an image of Christ holding a transparent, crystal orb in his left hand while performing a benediction. Curiously, it bears a striking resemblance to crystal orbs often used in VR applications, most notably The Test by Valve, creators of the game series Half-Life and Portal. Taking place in the Portal universe, The Test uses spheres very similar to the one seen in the painting, to transport the user into different levels to play in. Steyerl then pulled up a 360 degree vr video demoed during a Facebook livestream earlier in the year, where Mark Zuckerberg used the same orb to transport himself to the hurricane devastated landscape of Puerto Rico. Steyerl points out how this puts him in the center of the action, but also disembodies him. This quote in particular stuck out to me: “The viewer is absolutely central, but at the same time, he or she is missing from the scene.” This is a pitfall of the VR platform, as it is restricted by the headset, which cuts off the user from the rest of their form. One could argue using a device such as a Magic Leap, or the new cameras on the front of the new HTC Vive headsets to capture the body, but this would transition into Mixed Reality than a Virtual One. As a VR developer, I realized this while making my BFA gallery show, as I created an isolated experience for the user to enjoy, completed cutting them off from the real world. I essentially made the user into a ghost inhabiting that world. This is a point Sheyerl points out by saying “Are people rehearsing how to be their own ghosts?” In a virtual reality environment, you are just as real as what you are seeing in the space, you are a part of the illusion. You have effectively replaced yourself in a reality of your own choosing, a separate persona unleashed. This replacement is all VR is meant to accomplishment, a replacement of our own reality in favor of a better one. 