Hito Steryl centralizes Bubble Vision and virtual reality around the sphere and its interpretations as a crystal ball. She connects the two not only how crystal balls in fiction are thought of as an object to see into the future, but also how in looking at an actual crystal ball, the image it reflects is greatly distorted. In thinking about how virtual reality works, you are placed in a sort of spherical space where you can see all 360 degrees surrounding you, just like if you were looking at all the sides of the crystal ball. However, that space that you’re in is different from the actual space you stand in; it’s an alternate, virtual reality. In another part of her presentation Steryl talks about how automation is elimination, and vice versa in another sense. In trying to automate certain functions we “eliminate” ourselves in order to fulfill that function. And in eliminating ourselves we’re automating how we work to increase the efficiency of the function. Steryl also ties this into how this elimination affects the Anthropocene, which is a phrase referring to our current geological age in which we as humans are in control of our surroundings and how we shape them. Despite this awareness it seems as though we’re trying to give it to an automated intelligence to shape the world for us. I found this point to be interesting because in a way VR does create a version of our world that we can artificially exist in. However, as we continue to interact with that virtual reality our sense of actual reality becomes increasingly blurred. Virtual reality can bring you to any place existing or not existing in the world without actually having to go there while still being able to almost fully experience that place as if you are. It makes me wonder about how much longer we will be aware of this control with how much we dedicate it to the advancement of VR.
