Through virtual reality, advancing technology has brought new perspectives to art, and how it can be presented. For example, by introducing the panting Salvator Mundi as a contemporary art piece, despite it being over 500 years old, Hito Steyerl makes a connection between art and technology. The connection between very different periods is brought together by a transparent globe on the Salvator Mundi painting which can be seen in many modern AR and VR pieces. According to Hito Steyerl, the bubbles represent globalization; the power of the elites. This connects back to the painting itself, which was priced at an astronomical value of $450 million. Not only that, but we can conjure that its spherical shape can be a motif for political or financial power, as throughout history, monarchs are depicted holding orb-shaped objects as a symbol of their power. 
Another example from Steyerl’s lecture is a photograph of Trump, King Salman of Saudi Arabia, and President el-Sisi from Egypt. The photograph depicts all three leaders placing their hands atop an illuminated sphere, which represents the world; in its original context, the sphere was supposed to represent a crystal ball, implying that men could foresee future events. This is possibly due to the fact that it was taken during the grand opening of an anti-extremist center and used to bring a sense of hope to those attending. However, the photo itself conveys a different meaning, as it is often implied that the photo represents powerful people, who dominate their spheres of influence completely.  
In the current financial makeup of our society, those who are richer have been able to profit far more from globalization than those who are not. With this concept in mind, it is most interesting that Stereyl bring s up Amazon; the second most valuable company in the world, with the richest man as its founder. However, his fortune was built by maximizing operational efficiency, so much so that most of its workers have been replaced by robots. Furthermore, Amazon’s headquarters is shaped like a glass sphere, or globe, the same motif that used to represent power throughout history. Not only that, but Amazon’s headquarters also seems to isolate its occupants from the exterior world, giving them a simple, bubble-like area to work in, hence the phrase: “living in a bubble.” This is similar to Stereyl’s presentation of the Biosphere 2 project, which gave a group of people the opportunity to cut themselves off from the world completely and live inside a bubble. Yet, the experiment only ended in disaster, for those within the bubble often failed to cooperate, as they felt trapped inside. 
Aside from this, Stereyl also mentions that humans are in control over nature and their environment. However, humans have been shown to hand over their power to systems that are nearly invisible to them, such as virtual reality, a “place” where people can feel as though they have power over nature and everything around them. 
Going back to Salvdor Mundi, Stereyl points out that the crystal orb’s optics are not accurate within the painting, despite the fact that DaVinci was extensively well revered in them. Perhaps this could be yet another emerging motif, warning us that those who attempt to shape the future of society by eliminating the participation of others are yet but only misguided within their own vision. 
