"To be eliminated means to be automated, but to be automated means to be eliminated." According to Hito Steyerl's lecture, the bubble vision may be a training scheme to adapt humans to a world from which they are increasingly missing, because they have been replaced by invisible and automatic systems. 

Indeed, When I am in the VR shooting game, I stand on an automatic moving platform which can drive me anywhere. Although I hold on a toy gun as heavy as a real gun and shot the zombies, I always feel my body is not only missing in the game, but also in the real world, which means I can not notice the balance change of my body; my body is moving toward the wall behind me, or even to somewhere dangerous. However, in the VR scene, I am expertly killing zombies and moving safely. In the circumstances, my body is automated and but also eliminated, and separated.

Likewise, we can say that social media is where create a sense of automation but separation. Social Media are kinds of reality TV show. Although they are initially created to help people connect with each other, nowadays the main purpose we use them have turned into radical self-expression. The more likes and comments you get, the more dominant you are in the virtual world. This lead to the popularity of apps that help celebrities to grow likes by automatically following other users, and what interesting is in this case, everyone is trying to make other competitor and opponent "missing" and want their supporters more active. Seemly people are connected together on social media, however, the invisible filter bubbles are locking people who have similar opinions together and pulling those different apart. When those bubbles collide, they will eventually explode, force people to recognize things that are unacceptable, but have been around for a long time. From the presidential election win of Donald Trump in 2016 to the latest news "Anti-gay marriage groups win Taiwan referendum battle" all reveals that the social media is not helping communication but separating us from our opponents, and eventually bring the opinions from the majority in a more cruel way.

In this bubble vision, are we being ghosts now? The well-developing AI helps people make more accurate decisions, and we order food by Siri without moving our body. Electronic devices and algorithm become extensions of our body and mind, we have being cyborgs like Major Motoko Kusanagi in the ghost in the shell. Humans can probably be well adapted to the disembodying future, but just like Salvator Mundi's crystal ball, we should always reflect on those things looks natural but not really represent facts.
