In her talk, “Bubble vision”, Hito Steyerl discusses the mechanics of A.I. and how it relates to much grander concepts or the world and science fiction. She begins by discussing the most expensive painting in the world at the time of the talk, one purported to be painted by Leonardo Da Vinci in which a figure holds a glass ball representative of the world. This ball she continues is very similar to the lenses used in VR goggles. VR in this context is interesting because in the simulated environments built for it, one is always the center of the constructed universe, but they themselves are missing with the possible exception of having hands. This concept of humanity being at the center of a system but also somehow missing is an intriguing one that relates to a historical event discovered through ancient bubbles in ice.
In the 1600’s humanities carbon footprint was at its smallest. This change is suggested to be because of the countless native american deaths that accompanied american colonisation. See we were both at the center of this change as its source, but also missing, as it only happened because of immense death. I’m particularly fond of this line of reasoning, very poetic. Steyerl then relates this event to a proposed project for Amazon, for which they will build and house their headquarters in a geodesic dome, a bubble. This in turn brought the topic of self sustaining biodome experiments in which scientists had to not only maintain their own food and water supply but the composition of their air as well over several months. This was initially used as a test of the theoretical potential of space colonisation, but also in hindsight is a stark representation of what is currently happening in regards to climate change. The experiment was not a success to put it lightly. It’s also worth noting that watching a bunch of trapped individuals slowly growing to hate each other helped inspire Big Brother.
