Hito Sheyerl’s talk on virtual reality is really compelling and gives a different perspective on how the physical and virtual worlds combine. A quote from the video that I feel really describes her theory is “VR is where the nonexistent bumps into the ubiquitous”. Virtual reality gives us an experience that humans could have only dreamed of, and that being able to exist anywhere in the world at any time. Sheyerl explains the term “bubble vision” by relating virtual reality to having your vision be shaped by orbs, spheres, and rounded lenses. The next point that Sheyerl discuss is how there has been some criticism to this new 360 view and some say that it is created parallel information universes. This was especially interesting because a parallel universe is an exact description of how VR feels, it makes you feel submerged into around world or realm while still physically being in your own. Sheyel than explains that she believes that the bubbles (financial, real estate, etc) have not just vanished but had just exploded into smaller bubbles. As primary as the sentence first sounds, it really does tie everything together in the VR space, especially regarding parallel universes or dimensions and regarding the orb-hypothesis as well. She also shows how humans really are able to control and shape nature in whichever way we want to, which is both so liberating and terrifying at the same time. Sheyel brings in so many different aspects of science, history, and art to help better explain modern virtual reality but in a very interesting and mind-expanding way. 
