Hito Steyerl lecture regarding VR explores the idea of bubble vision and how virtual reality works like a sphere. In discussing VR, she refers to the users as the center of their 360 degree spheres and that the sphere itself is want shapes our vision. Steyerl provides examples, both from real life and fiction, of these spheres and orbs. First when discussing the painting “Salvator Mundi” by Leonardo Da Vinci where Jesus holds onto a crystal orb to Mark Zuckerberg using an orb to transport him digitally to Puerto Rico. In the later example, however, while the user becomes the center and essentially is now apart of the action in the world they are digitally in, they are still considered missing. As in, they are not physically there; disembodied and missing from the scene. She further emphasizes this point by referring to how when a user is in VR, they are practically invisible. They have no body with the exception of having a head or hands sometimes. She then moves to talking about a quote by John Lanier. Lanier states that.”VR is the removal of a single human shaped mass from the fabric of the universe.” Steyerl interprets this as eliminating that single person from their surroundings and that in a sense these are human shaped holes within bubbles. While that does make some sense, my opinion is that of the opposite from Lanier and Steyerl. While the user is eliminated from what they physically see, we are still at the point in time where we know we are physically still there with the help of the other senses that are not being used(VR really only incorporates sight and sound). In contrast, when I experience VR, I’m isolated and no one sees what I see in the digital world. Therefore, I feel as though the universe is eliminated and not me. She discusses the other uses of the sphere such as the crystal balls used in Harry Potter to predict the future or the palantir(or seeing stone) to see things from far away like in Lord of the Rings. In the palantir’s case, it could also mean data analysis; data mining used to predict the future as well. She finishes these sphere examples to give us the idea that the sphere is a stand in for data based prediction and how it can or prevents risk. She’s emphasizes this by talking about “Ghost in the Shell’s” protagonist who originally fought against humans being cyborgs to then be killed and become a cyborg herself; humans becoming automated. The whole point in her lecture is to discuss this relationship between the humans and the machine; how humans can disappear and go missing because we are being slowly replaced by robots and automation. I find this idea very interesting to delve further in and I can truly see how humans are in a sense becoming robots especially in this day and age. I don’t believe Steyerl is trying to bring this idea in a negative light; more to be informative and give her opinion on what society is presently. VR is still a very big accomplishment for humans and I believe, like how she refers to humans making a significant change to the environment during colonization, humans being now the center of the sphere must decide what’s to come for themselves and the environment around them.
