Hito Steryl comments on the rise of VR and similar technologies through her talk “Bubble Visions.” She references several art pieces and a video by Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg demoing new Facebook 3D technology to reinforce her claim of how bubbles symbolize a form of teleportation. In the Facebook demo video, Zuckerberg and one of his colleagues were represented as 3D models as they move through various 360 degree videos by throwing bubbles around. Her main stance to this evolving technology is that it makes people lose their sense of self. When we use such technologies, we feel as if we’re right in the middle of these scenes despite the fact that they are not actually there. In fact, we are missing out on other stuff in life since the rest of the body is left hanging while only the mind is being transported. We are there, yet we are missing. I for one kind of agree with her sentiments in terms of how VR has not been able to truly take the viewer to a new place, and make them feel as if their entire being was there, despite the technological advances. I liked how she pointed out that the bubbles become portals into other worlds that may or may not be real. With VR, we are able to go to anywhere with us having the ultimate control but all parts of us are never there all together. It makes me wonder if VR will be forever limited to be a form of temporary escapism, or if we as a society will push the technology along to completely encompass us. I am a bit hesitant to be all for that possible future though, because as what I feel Steryl is hinting at, we will lose ourselves in the present.  
