For reading five, we watched a presentation video which presented by Hito Steyerl. The presentation’s title named ‘bubble vision’. In the presentation, Hito introduced the theme referring the painting ‘Salvator Mundi’, and the crystal ball like object hold by Salvator Mundi in the painting. In the later talk, she cited different bubble images around us, which including camera lens, ‘transfer’ command icon in VR, crystal balls in painting and ritual, ice bubble and related human behavior, and so on. There are many different kinds of topics joined together just in a talk about the image of the bubble. At first, I actually feel the talk is fragmentary and universal; although I learned something new in the talk such as the human influence result in the ice bubble, as well as they are quite interesting, the talk doesn’t change my opinion to the bubble -- they are still bubbles, exists everywhere and everyday. But when I think more about the talk, I think Hito might just like to bring us such a ‘general talk’ about bubbles. While we use the bubble image around us, such as in VR or product design, we are not using them meaningless but refer the image from nature or history. The reason why we get satisfied with the round shape and transparent look could be based on examples in the talk. According to what I understand from the talk, I believe the bubble vision talked by Hito is not a solid image or vision, but a developing one not only based on historical accumulation, but also based on contemporary culture. 
