Marisa Olson’s article, “On the Internet, No One Knows You’re a Doghouse” deals with the idea of a “post-internet” landscape of art. The term was coined by Olson to describe her own artwork as well as those of her peers. Despite being coined by Olson, the term has yet to be expressly defined by others and is instead given a convenient definition by those who attempt to use the term themselves. Olson clarifies this by stating, “Describing my own, work, which was the combination of art made online and art made offline, ‘after the internet,’ i.e. immediately after logging off and in the style of the internet, both celebrating and critiquing it-.” According to Olson, internet based art was becoming so prevalent, it left those who used technology to lay the foundation, such as Nam June Paik, Sarah Cook, and Ley Manovich, behind. 

It is easier to form connections on the internet with fellow artists, unlike in the past, where connections were a “dirty joke”. The internet allows others to express their thoughts for free to the world, and receive varying amounts of support because of it. Websites such as Tumblr, Twitter, Instagram, and DeviantArt all serve as popular hotbeds of internet content creators who post their art for the world to see. To Olson, the Internet is a constant, it does everything the user wants it to do: it keeps a calendar, provides directions, and has invaded spaces typically devoid of internet content, such as Yelp stickers in windows. Olson claims: “If there is any reason at all to have a word like ‘postinternet’ (and at this point, it really could be any word), it is to have a placeholder to discuss the situation of network conditions.” I find this to be fascinating because, as a digital artist, I find myself inherently drawn to the internet and the forms of art expressed within. 

I am glad to have read this article during the month of October, as it is the month artists on the Internet have dubbed “Inktober”. Inktober is a chance for artists to create a physical piece of artwork, using ink, and posting the results on their social media for others to see. To me, this is the perfect representation of “postinternet” art, where the user is able to disconnect from the internet itself to create something meaningful, and then plug it back in for feedback from other creators on the platform. 
