Born in 1993, the exact year when the famous cartoon by Peter Steiner “On the  Internet, nobody knows you are a dog” came up,  I have been experiencing both analogical and digital age.  I love listening music, no matter they are in in the form of cassette tape or Spotify; I am good at both drawing on papers and Photoshop; I had used Sony HDV camera to shot short films, now I get the hang of Sony Alpha 7R. Most of my friends are enjoying the evolution of technology, some even call themselves early adopters, yet there is one thing always bothers us - the social network.

The more ambiguous the boundary between online and offline become, the less privacy we have. As Marisa Olson said, "We never log-off, " just open Instagram, scroll down then we can see what our friends are doing at the same time. We now deeply rely on the cyberspace and can't breathe when wi-fi die and Facebook is down, or even worse,  the virtual world becomes where our identities truly exist. "I created the OASIS because I never felt at home in the real world. I didn't know how to connect with the people there." said Halliday in Ready Player One.

Some people start hating to live  24/7 online and turning to use one instant chat app like Telegram rather than multiple social platforms to keep in touch, however, it's hard to deny that the majority of the public still embrace the unplugged networking. For instance, the emergence of [China internet celebrity economy (or Wanghong economy)](https://medium.com/@yiranz6/e-commerce-development-in-internet-celebrity-wanghong-economy-d098c6fa9dba) and the popularity of [live-streaming video](https://technode.com/2018/05/10/how-douyin-became-the-most-popular-app-in-the-world/) demonstrate the social pattern of Generation Z - Try your best to show-off. This also stimulates the diversity and creativity of internet memes, which can be considered the resources of net art. Was the new media was not really new anymore? I don't think so.

If you ask "how do you live in the post-internet cities?"  I would say,  "I murmur on Twitter, chat on Telegram, write on Medium, share on Facebook, live on Instagram."  The facebook algorithms are muck more terrible now;  I hate that repeated advertising shown on Instagram; I am disappointed that people prefer to like the jokes on my facebook timeline than clap articles on Medium. Yet these downsides make me rethink and modify the relationship with technology, all in all, I agree with Marisa Olson's opinion that we should keep an open mind.



