One thing the article brought up that caught my eye, was the mention of the singularity, and how it’s always projected into the future. I find it odd that this is the case, because from my perspective it seems we are just about there. Nearly everyone I encounter on a regular basis has a phone with access to the internet that may as well be a physical part of their body, with how often it is on their person. Furthermore nearly every aspect of our lives is influenced by networks. I can only speak for myself here, but probably around 80% of any information that i encounter comes from the internet, and one need not look far to see the social and emotional impact some of this information can have on people, particularly in relation to politics lately, but I digress.
Another interesting point that was brought up was how when people forecast the future in regards to technology, we usually only see the diametrically opposed dystopia and utopia. I guess this may be just because these are more striking images, and saying”yeah it’ll probably be about like it is now” is pretty boring. But then that makes me wonder, on the scale for dystopia to utopia where do we stand? I may be a cynic, but from where I stand, between political corruption, corporate exploitation of the public, and a growing wage gap, all we need is some more neon signs, and for the term meatspace to enter common parlance for this to be a full on cyberpunk dystopia.
But then again the article seems to agree that we shouldn’t hold ourselves to these ultimately incredibly unlikely futures. The author does seem to show some concerns that we are heading dystopia-ward, but reiterated that these are just speculations. Frankly I’m of the opinion that something has got to give before we get to the point they describe, of buildings so tall and numerous one can’t see the sky, or lives spent entirely connected to the internet. Things seem like we're standing on a precipice in certain areas as it is. I’m not even sure we’ll make it that far.
