Marisa Olson's article "On the Internet, No One Knows You're a Doghouse", touches on the topic of both the term "post-internet" and what that looks like in the future in terms of becoming manifested into cities or architecture. Postinternet, which is a term coined by her in the late 90's, has yet to be truly defined. Most critics of postinternet art have thought up  "more accurate" terms to describe the kind of art that is not internet based but that critiques the internet outside of the online realm. One term that has stuck is "internet aware". Because of the fact that post internet art is not art that is only available in spaces online but in the physical, it becomes a critique of our many uses of the internet. Postinterent art seems to mostly focus on the impact that the internet has on culture and society. One question I kept asking myself while reading the article was "What the heck does a postinternet city look like?" My first thought was cities like the Fifth Element and Tron. Because Olson mentions the Netflix original "Black Mirror" it made more sense to me and this futuristic city that ran on the internet came to mind. Olson mentions that "we are not surprised when we see the its vapors offline...yelp stickers on restaurant doors, emoji magnets, Tumblr aesthetic bedsheets.." I begin to imagine a city or architechture so advanced and connected to social sites like Facebook or Instagram. Imagine being in a building that was made to interact with you via Instagram and welcomed you in with your username. How will this postinternet wave effect society and people? When Olson mentions Jaron Lanier's idea of cybernetic totalism I couldn't help but read more about the topic. Lanier, a computer scientist and artist, has had this idea of cybernetic totalism which is a the idea of the internet awaking and becoming conscious or the idea that when the singularity comes we are able to upload conscious onto the internet. This idea is scary and interesting because the singularity is pretty much inevitable and in my opinion being able to do something like uploading ourselves onto the cloud seems like a nightmare. Technology like the internet has allowed us to progress as a species rapidly but too much of a good thing can go sour. The singularity and the possibilities around it like postinternet cities or architecture become more real everyday.
