<p>In the article "On the Internet, No One Knows You're a Doghouse", Marisa Olson talked about the word “postinternet” as a kind of critique. One thing that I found interesting is she said “it seemed radical to propose that a painter, photographer, or textile artist could be an internet artist and that these underdogs could use our support.” I can tell that she is not satisfied about this, even angry. It seems like she felt unfair that working for support those artists in the back, but she is the actual internet artist. She wants to prove herself and wants the word “postinternet” to be defined. The other thing that in my mind after I read this article is that she said new media is not new anymore. I think it is because that so many things has been distributed by computers and internet, the new media is more like "old" media. Also, she is not happy with the result of internet advanced that tend to bring us to dystopia society. Well, we hope that an utopia is in our future world, but in my experience is that we are swallowed by internet: as the article said we are isolating ourselves due to the social internet. We cannot live without social networks, just like we are addicted to use it for helping us, for relaxing and for time wasting, rather than what we used to do, to communicate with humans. And also, the most information that we know is from internet, too: what the information changes on the internet will also changes our concept. The original purpose of the advance which is utopia, is more far away, and the things will develop in the opposite side when they become extreme. I think it is the phenomenon now, and we are stucked in what internet brings us.</p>
