The article, “On the Internet, No One Knows You're a Doghouse” by Marisa Olson discusses the topic of postinternet; between online and offline. For a majority of the reading, the author was often rambled so it was hard for me at first to understand what was being talked about. From what I understand, Olson states that she was the one to coin the term “postinternet” at first to describe her works which was internet engaged art; a “combination of art made online and art made offline.” She then goes on to how the idea that she coined the term has caused some controversy. I believe it caused such due to internet becoming more common with the last decade that other artists had their own expression to what postinternet was. The main topic that Olson discusses about postinternet is the social context deriving from it. The idea of placing world building, such as architecture, city building, and culture within a digital platform; creating a relationship between those ideas.Not only world building but also the idea of sharing was brought into said relationship. Postinternet has become more of a diverse topic due to the spread of shared ideas on the internet that it lives both online and offline in our world; thus new forms of art are being created.
With the evolution of technology-with both in art and in history- Olson brings up the argument of utopian versus dystopian. I believe he is discusses how this multiple world-building of internet art brings about different perspective, negative and positive. I believe Olson finds we are heading more to a dystopia with this evolution because of how we are consumed with the internet. She makes certain points such as “Yelp stickers on restaurant doors, emoji magnets, and Tumblr aesthetic bedsheets” which to our generations we don’t bat and eye when seeing them. I don’t necessarily have an opinion on whether we our heading to a utopia or dystopia, however I do worry on how far this world we are creating online and offline will be beneficial or not social-wise.
