The author of the reading describes how the world, as well as the uncertainty of the definition of the term postinternet art, has changed over time. Although the author talks about the fact that many do not consider postinternet art made with technology to be legitimate works of art, the part of the writing I was most interested in was focused on the concept of dystopia vs. utopia in terms of technology use. I personally do not think that our current use of technology as a society should determine how our future will be especially given its current state. I feel like we are living in a period where there is a somewhat equal amount of old and new things with a divide on what side of history people prefer. There is also the issue of how postinternet finds its way offline to the point where the once strict boundaries between offline and online become blurred. It is almost as if we are living in a constant state of augmented reality where online elements infiltrate our daily lives but with these things being real (rather than digital images overlaid on top of our surroundings). This allows both sectors to blend together to form a world where analog and digital stuff interact seamlessly with each other. More advanced parts of the world live in such a state today, but I feel as if these cities also have a difficult time keeping both aspects in check so that all the potential the future holds does not make people forget on the past. However, the lack of privacy resulting from this is a little off-putting to me in a way. Most know that anything is posted on the internet is forever, but there is also a common thought that if no one catches an action of yours in public, it may have never happened. In other words, there is an escape route for those like me who occasionally need a breather from being constantly watched upon. The author briefly mentions this symptom as a definition of network culture, a prevalent condition in our current society. The idea of Big Brother is both comforting and alarming as evidenced by the fact that some nations have embraced the idea with full force while others are more reluctant. I, like the author, sometimes wonder what living in the future will be like and what will it consist of. I wonder if these smart devices that are being created are intelligent enough to know how to move forward in a manner that is beneficial for their users. It also makes me question what the future holds for artists as more technology is either incorporated into the work or used to present it. While this makes it easier for art to be spread around, will it be as a part of one’s life as other things technology brings?
