Pretend to a be a Bot, Rehumanize the Web, is an article about the interview which took place between Clara Herrmann and Sebastian Schmieg. Shmieg is a net artist, whose work is heavily influenced by the idea of labor in a digital world, and how the internet can be a gateway to a new type of workforce in the market. One of his most influential pieces was I Will Say Whatever You Want In Front of a Pizza, which explored the life of a cloud worker through a Prezi, which was based on screenshots and videos. It explored the idea of people working as “bots” where they are providing the foundation of machine learning once the true system becomes available. Schmieg thinks of these workers as “software extensions”, where these individuals are able to contribute their skills, body, and being to the computational system at hand. There is one issue to this however, because being a software extension means it is easy to be “uninstalled” or in a person’s case, fired. You could also just as easily be “installed” or hired, which makes this system a double-edged sword.

This leads directly into what many called the “Singularity”, where human and machine will connect to each other completely, through the power of AI. Ray Kurzweil, Google’s resident futurist, is intrigued by AI and wants to use it as a means to be bring his deceased father back from the dead. He has compiled notes, letters, and other forms of media about his father to provide the basis of his AI clone. This begs the question of “are AI truly alive?” Bringing a person “back to life” through AI does not make them that person, but rather a persona based off of them, nothing could replace the real thing. This is not particularly true of the current direction the marketplace is heading, however, as the threat of machines replacing manual labor is becoming a reality. Companies are constantly pushing to reduce costs wherever they can so they may remain competitive in the marketplace. This would most likely lead them to pursuing AI and robotics to replace humans, who they would have to pay at a constant rate. This is why I agree with the statement Schmieg makes at the end: “Being skeptical toward the propaganda of technological process is a first step. And we need ways that allow one to say ‘fuck you.’ It’s liberating, and it’s human.” 
 
