Pretend of be a bot, dehumanizing the web is a unique look at how bots and humans are interacting through a purposed system. Sebastian Schmieg explains the different dynamics and relationships of humans and online bots, one particularly interesting use of bots in the human world was the Trump presidential campaign which labored humans who used bots for the promotional labor. Its clear that social media impact with humans have a dramatic effect, it also has a profound effect on labor and cost of labor as it makes communications easier and apps like Fiverr undercut the market for these simple labor tasks. I also found it interesting that Schmieg connects the different arguments about uber and other apps to give us insight in how we are extensions of the software. Through this extension, we use humans as labor that is cheap and disposable. Through the existence of these applications, we generate more work for both humans and machines. I agree that we are extensions of ourselves through software, working collectively with all systems together. I found it interesting that Schmieg thought machines and bots won’t be able to be artists but they can create art, even though the output potential remains unknown. I found that the truth being chanting the concept of knocking out competitors is a process that results in more losers than winners. It is interesting to read talks about the entrepreneur role that these devices are making humans into, and how we do free work all the time by solving captchas and helping Google’s AI become more powerful. He leaves off the reading with asking the question: How are we being programmed? This question to me has no right or wrong answer, as long as the relationship between humans and computers exist, we continually use each other for the end benefit of humanity.
This reading gave me an idea about how I can create my own bot, that is free for public service. In the same way, I am pretending to be a bot because the bot is better with mediation. This bot will be for my next project that provides a service to anyone who reaches out to me. This concept and reading gave me ideas that would be ideal to demonstrate how helpful tools can be used for the public for free. The only person at work would be me, while the bot tells me which tasks I need to complete. Schmiegs breakdown of the relationships made me realize how I can play a role within this world, and how I may possibly be an extension of programs rather than the extension of human reach. 
