Christian Calinawan
Reading 2
Art 175
September 11, 2018

     Pretend to Be a Bot, Rehumanize the Web is an article where artist Sebastian Schmieg is interviewed by Clara Herrmann. She asks him questions about our place as humans in the growing world of digital labor. In one of Schmeig’s video pieces, “I Will Say Whatever You Want In Front of a Pizza,” is a narrative about humans who work online pretending to be bots. It raises questions about the connection between real life and the digital world. People are used to provide services online as if they were bots. For example, people use digital platforms such as Uber to get assistance in transportation in real life, a service performed by a human but requested digitally. Humans are also asked to identify items and characters as found in captchas for Google, helping the machines identify certain items themselves. 

     I also find the medium Schmeig uses very interesting. For his video, he utilized Prezi which is essentially a slideshow software typically used for presentations. Turning away from the software’s intended use creates the thought that humans can use digital software in unintended ways to create artwork. I agree with Schmeig that digital workers are software extensions. Digital workers use their bodies and senses in real life to act upon the software rather than use the software to aid us.

     Another interesting piece by Schmeig is his video, Search by Image. In the video, a transparent image is given to Google reverse image search, resulting in a visually similar image that Google was able to find. Then, that second image is put back into the reverse image search to find the next image. The process repeated 2951 times, resulting in a four minute video of an AI cycling that process of reverse searching images. The first image was transparent, so the system read the image as completely black. The system cycled through pictures of dots of stars in the galaxy for about a minute. That chain eventually broke and the system started finding pictures of real life people. The system then found images of various logos, shoes, graphs, and memes. I think this piece is very interesting since I thought it might only find images of stars for the entire video since the background was so dark. It surprised me that reverse image search would eventually transitioned to images with a completely white background. It presents flaws in AI being unable to recognize images perfectly whereas a human could select similar images based on content rather than through code. In the end, although digital processes are a growing part of our lives, they cannot completely replace us and are tools to assist us.
