  It was interesting to consider just how blurred human individuality becomes when considering how many forms of digital labor function. I would assume that part of this is due to how people don’t talk in person, but instead use a device such as a laptop or phone. Technology in this area has advanced in ways so that requesting services is more quick and efficient. While it’s true that one won’t have to deal with the long complications of explaining what they want verbally to another person, this method also creates a disconnection between them and the person on the other side. Now it seems like an automatic service where they just send a specified list, location, etc. through an app and after a set amount of time their request will be fulfilled. It becomes difficult to tell that you’re still talking to another human in some form. This experience can feel very numbing for not just the buyer, but the seller as well, especially if working as a bot. Long, tedious hours are spent repeating the same tasks, sending the same preset messages, and replying with the same preset answers; everything they do is already predetermined. Eventually this can create a very disconcerting feeling of a loss of self.
  The other topic I found to be interesting was the debate of whether or not social network companies, such as Google or Facebook, should pay us. I find myself agreeing with Schmieg’s statement of saying both yes and no. It’s true that each individuals’ use of the various social media apps is a major contribution to the profits that these companies make and can in some way be seen as working for them. Each day their popularity increases just by people posting pictures, updating statuses, and just looking at their sites in general. At the same time however, it’s not as though we were specifically employed to do these things and I wouldn’t want my friends only for the purpose of being paid to do so either.
  In terms of AI I find myself questioning how not only that technology will grow, but also how we will grow along with it as well. Already people are showing signs of different behaviors when dealing with AI that are very different from how they’d treat another person. This can be awkward in a situation where a bot is not a bot, but rather an actual human on the other side typing automated messages manually, which can be seen in Schmieg’s piece.
