Cleia Dantas - Reading #2
----------------------
The article “Pretend to Be a Bot, Rehumanize the Web” touches some interesting points that just a few years ago not many people were concerned with. When people started sharing large amounts of data on their Facebook accounts, they were not consciously thinking Facebook would use their images for AI training or would sell their preferences for marketing companies. But since Facebook’s data breach, many Facebook users finally realized what was behind the “community sharing” propaganda that Facebook has been selling for years. I do think people should get paid for sharing data with Facebook or Google. If a company’s revenue model is based on monetizing data from its users, those companies should pay to have that information. It is well known that the majority of people using social media platforms have no idea of how their personal information is being used and monetized.

On another note, the discussion about digital labor seems very relevant. It worries me to know that there are people willing to sell their work for very little in platforms like Fiverr. The idea of outsourcing via digital platforms enables anyone to hire a freelancer quickly. However, when a large corporation exploits such platforms to reduce costs and eliminate full-time workers, it enforces a race to the bottom where an individual becomes a cog in the machine, being discarded as soon as a better cog becomes available. This is the essentially the idea of people as bots or as software extensions discussed by Sebastian. In a globalized economy this distinction will tend to disappear as more and more people have access to the same technology. The question for most of us will be how to differentiate our ideas from other professionals or how to continuously produce relevant work. 
