Pretend to be a Bot, Rehumanize the Web with Sebastian Schmieg was an interesting essay in which he goes in depth on how online freelancers who act as bots are practically software extensions due to the fact that these freelancers and processing new ideas over and over. Schmieg noted that it came to the point where it's important to note the distinction between software and people. In his word, everyone has to be efficient and valuable a node in this network as they can be. I do agree with Schmeig when he states that being a "software extension" means that it's easy to be removed because of the fact that online platforms make it really easy to hire people but as well as fire as much as they would like. This can be counted as digital labor and upon reading this article I was totally unaware of this kind of phenomenon. One example that Schmieg uses is the online platform Fiverr or Uber, in which these platforms only provide the framework and the workers themselves are responsible for their own training, tools, and health-care. Those employees became software extensions for the entrepreneurs. Companies hire people and rely on its user to keep the website going and I've never really given that a thought especially since I do have accounts in major social media platforms such as Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram. I realized that because I created my account and posted or uploaded pictures on it, I am contributing to the company's success and ultimately, in Schmieg’s words, become a digital laborer.

This reading gave me a deeper insight of how, in a way, humans are slowly becoming bots. If not already, we are bots in ways that we are contributing to these companies that just provide the framework and users take it steps further. Schmieg also includes artificial intelligence in the essay and explains how it is a collective endeavor. He states that it is because everyone is working on these systems and it has turned into which company will have the best and most powerful AI. In turn, we still are the software extensions because these AIs that are being created are available to be rented by everyone else, ultimately training these centralized networks.
