To begin with, I want to separate the main idea in this interview into two issues - labor and software extension. Like Sebastian Schmieg asks”  Why are we so obsessed with work? What if we didn’t have to work anymore?” Over-working and labor are not new issues to us, in Korean sociologist Byun-Chul Han’s book [“The Burnout Society”](https://www.amazon.com/Burnout-Society-Byung-Chul-Han/dp/0804795096), these phenomena are described as a “Burnout”, that the intensive productivity highly praised by the whole society highly is consuming individuals’ limited energy, exploiting  their wellness to generate somethings only profitable for the enterprises.
However, after escaping from this traditional intensive systems, are we free now? As the emergence of sharing-economy platforms like Uber and Fiverr, we start to embrace the convenience of open data and digital nomad lifestyle without hesitation. We feel like have our own control of working-times, understand the providers of specific service and can choose customer whomever we like, but actually, the price war, also mentioned by Sebastian Schmieg n this article, still keep happening, it just changed from the type of company-company into individual-individual. In this new system, we are still slaves but lose manifest targets to fight.

On the other hand, in this article, Sebastian Schmieg also mentioned how powerful and potential AI ia. ”Machine can learn from photographers”. Indeed, it has already happened in China. [LuBan](https://medium.com/@rexrothX/ai-visual-design-is-already-here-and-it-wont-hesitate-to-take-over-your-petty-design-job-934d756db82e), an AI designer developed by Alibaba, is threatening local designers with its high productivity and precision. Designers work in Alibaba now serve as operators; they don’t create design works directly, instead, they teach machines to make them. They deeply rely on LuBan to create thousands of banners and posters during the busy double 11 shopping festival. No only commercial images, LuBan can also modify UI layouts rapidly according to users’ data designers feed it. 

To sum up, let’s look back to Sebastian Schmieg’s art projects, are we really becoming the software extensions or digital robots now? Unfortunately, I think the answer would be yes. According to the interview and my own experiences, I feel the 20th century is the most wired times that humans pretend to be robots - We use a wild range of technology but lose our abilities of critical thinking and improvement. Machines, on the opposite, are trying their best to be more like humans,  They are expected to have self-learning and debugging skills, real-time reactions and even true feelings like what we have. In other words, tech enterprises, engineers, designers and internet people are mindlessly creating a tricky, repeatable and inevitable system that machine will keep feeding us immoderate information based on what we fed them.
