 Pretending to be bots
	
I rather agree with the final sentiment of the article, that being able to say “fuck you” is a very human and cathartic act. I think this is why hacking has such a strong pull for me. There's something about taking something, and forcing it to act in a way it was never intended, that helps break the feeling of overwhelming control that i think many of us are subjected to. 
Another point I found interesting in the reading was the idea of making a AI facsimile of a writer, by constantly feeding a neural network that writer’s works. For one thing it’s a little bit of a goofy and absurd idea, but on another it brings up an interesting series of moral dilemmas this could bring about. Certainly there's nothing illegal or morally bankrupt about telling a computer to read and learn from something, but the idea of trying to make a copy of someone still feels a little… wrong. Maybe it has something to do with the killing of someone's individuality, or maybe it’s that it could make things like identity theft that much easier. In the end we are far far away from this being even close to relevant to our current level of technology, and maybe the debate is best left up to the sci-fi writers.
One somewhat tangential thing I started wondering about as I read this, is whether the people who work in the jobs pretending to be a robot, are affected in any way psychologically after a while. In a sense what they're doing is essentially working on a production line, doing one simple task repeatedly all day, after all Schmieg does call this work “the new factory”. However, there's a certain strangeness that comes with the territory of those fake bots, who directly work with other people, like the pizza order “bot” in “I will say anything you want in front of a pizza”. Does being treated like a robot eight hours a day start to have an impact on you? It’s certainly a question I don't have the means to find an answer to. All I know is that I wouldn’t last five minutes in one of those jobs without trying to convince someone that the pizza bot had gained sapience and was beginning a global take over.
