Pretend to be a bot, rehumanizing the web is an interesting look into the odd encounter of Trump's team hiring a fifteen year old girl using Prezi to help his campaign. Sebastian Schmieg proposes a lot of interesting questions, one specifically being is updating your social media profile already digital labor? The thought of this was extremely interesting as we seem to be addicted to the task of constantly looking, and feeling the need to post about the highlights of our everyday lives. Always knowing and hearing about the impact of social media but never correlating it to us being “humanized robots” is definitely an eye opening perspective. As quoted by Schmieg, “Thinking about digital workers as software extensions rather than the other way around is helpful as an analytical approach”. This is an interesting thought as we as a society never really think about the amount of hard labor and all of the people who are behind the everyday technology that we use and us even just using the technology ties us into the technologically labor induced process. Another intriguing point that Schmieg makes is that how by us being an extension of the software it also means that we can just as easily be removed and discarded. Schmieg than goes into the question of well what exactly is digital labor? It cannot technically be defined as physical, and so maybe it is more meditation, even mental. When it comes to digital and technological labor and every day task I think we can all agree that there is a definite mental strain that comes with it. This mental strain is also tied to the sudden feeling of lost that comes with not having one of our many gadgets with us, and how attached we really are to them. As far as the piece goes, it can be easily in my opinion be compared to the movie Her. Both this project and the movie have the similarities with a man trying to figure out a bot on a more deep and emotional level. The piece is this man looking in all different forms of the internet to find this one girl (Trump’s Prezi employee) and takes you on a journey through a different type of internet experience. It is not only very entertaining and hilarious to watch but also supports the designers agreement of how easily us humans can be turned into bots. It’s a lot of digest but the artist does an amazing job at starting this new conversation in a fun and visual amusing way. 



