This week's reading focuses on platforms such as Fivver which were made for digital labor. What has interested me the most in the reading is the in the dismantling of individual identity and how we almost become bots ourselves or, how Schmieg puts it, "an extension of software". Schmieg also refers to this modern wave of entrepreneurship as a, "have a great idea, get funded, work hard, make it to the top, sell, and repeat" type of process. Why is this becoming mandatory for everyone? The internet has become a place where we must network to build our small empires which then becomes a practice which then becomes digital labor. Our online services, networking, even socializing has become a form of labor. Although being on social media seems to be somewhat of a leisure activity, the line becomes blurred between labor and free time. The data collected from our social network websites is used by corporations to see what is trending, to see what we are interested in, to see how they can make more money from the consumer. However, we will never get an monetray compensation for all of that data. Another question I asked myself during the reading is "How do we break away from something like digital labor? How do we free ourselves?" I don't think appearing offline would be the complete answer but maybe moving our online services outside of the online realm would. Like the discussion we had in class, I have started to think of ways of repurposing apps or websites in order to partially break away from online labor. Some of those ideas are to advertise your services on an app like OfferUp and create an online yardsale. Or using Instagram Live as a way to do a livestream yardsale in your home. I looked up some articles on the future of online services. Forbes names it, the "Next Big Thing in E-Commerce" They decribe the future of the online labor market as a new way of freelancers to generate mor income which doesn't seem like a bad idea at all. I think that the digital labor market is a direct result of the development of the online realm. Like we learn to become part of the market we will also learn to monetize and manipulate it. 
