<p> Reading Two: Pretend to be A Bot </p>

<p> “After all, we’re already at a stage where people have to pretend to be bots because real bots are just not good enough.” This is an interesting quote that expand the article. What we called AI, is artificial intelligence. That means behind the intelligence and technology, there are still human to contribute things. It is just not able for you to see the operation and procedure on the back when you are using or playing the products of AI. We always say that AI is going to replace the labor force in the future, however, at least some thing that needs brain, especially in art will always be achieve by human rather than a machine. Yes, in some field, it has already been replaced by AI, such as some cleaning machine, self checkout at store and translator. This directly causes that employees lost there jobs to make a living. I think there is an important part called “creativity” from human that AI would never replace. Thousands of people provide you thousands of different thoughts, but thousands of machine would be the same. And this is why I think in art area, human is stronger than machine. and this is what Nishant Shah wrote: art may have the capacity to rehumanize the web. </p>

<p>Sebastian Schmieg said the other point that impresses me is “in today’s Internet, with its social networks, everything becomes labor.” He reckons that the Google and Facebook are making money because human as labour gives them data information about what they like or what they are looking for, and then those companies collect the data to give human the information back and make them satisfied. I never think about this before I read the article. Well, think about when we are using the social media or networks, we can always see what we like. Sometimes we won't realize, but sometimes we will see “you may like this” sign down to the button of the page. I don't know if this is a similar data collecting process as Sebastian Scheming said. By the way, this is a new perspective (or truth) that I never heard before, and I feel kind of sad because it is like the social networks is taking advantages of human, but on the back of the networks, who are dealing with those datas are human, too. Maybe, this could seem as a necessary marketing tools.</p>
