In the article, “Pretend to be a Bot, Rehumanize the Web,” Sebastian Schmieg discusses in and interview about digital labor and how digital workers are like software extensions. Within the interview and his piece, “I Say Whatever You Want in Front of a Pizza,” Schmieg discusses the present day relationship between man and technology and how humans are essentially becoming more of a machine in the digital workforce. This stemmed from how during the presidential campaign, President Trump’s team hired a teenager to convert a powerpoint presentation into a Prezi. In the piece, the artist expresses how people are working like bots. Thinking more about it, the whole transfer of the workforce into a digital platform seems to indicate both positive and negative effects. With technology, entrepreneurs are able to find people all over to work for them and accomplish tasks in fast pace and convenience. It also provides human skills into the digital work without concerning over AI. However, these digital workers could be easily replaceable, and they don’t even need to meet the employer in person. In a sense, it somewhat loses their identity and they become integrated to the machine; they are the computer screen. The artist states that workers are forced to be bots because real bots aren’t “good enough.” So while I can agree with this, does it mean that thee workers need to lose their identity in the process. In this day and age of technology, we seem to be getting more accustomed to this already.

Another argument he discussed during was whether big companies like Google should pay others and him replying yes and no. It interesting because companies like Google is so implemented in our daily use of the internet. Google is basically everywhere; signing and logging in to other social media websites, and our first go-to when searching up something. However, for the search function especially, Google is only able to provide us images and information is because, we give it to them. They take our results and share it to others on their platform. From use giving them information and technically a part of our lives for free, they gain a profit. Companies like Fiverr and Uber are also platforms that provide that impersonal factor; as the artist stated that the workers are responsible for their own being and training, and are to serve their entrepreneurs. This situation bring a lot nuance to the machine and its function as to how far we are willing to take AI, machine learning, and digital labor.  
