Schmieg’s interview on how online freelance workers are basically software extensions and a human’s evolving relationship to technology presents his opinion on the topic. Even the fact that he compared freelancers to software extensions is something I never thought of, yet is so true. 
The pressure of having to execute creative ideas as quickly as possible or risk getting replaced is becoming more prevalent as freelancing sites like Fiverr are getting popular. Anyone can easily put themselves out there for hire as easily as it is for an employer to hire someone. Schmieg points out how even the Trump campaign team hired a teenager from Singapore through Fiverr to create a Prezi to use; this highlights how easy it is to just hire someone to get a task done immediately. However, these sites are as easy to exploit as they are to sign up for (as evidenced through a piece of Schmieg’s that compiles multiple videos from Fiverr into one that was displayed in an art gallery. I personally have come really close to signing up on similar freelancing platforms due to the fact that the concept seems appealing: a series of quick online jobs that are generally low commitment and allow the person putting themselves out there in control. However, hearing about the lack of security does make me feel a bit uneasy. 

The fact that the companies do not actually do things themselves and rely on their users to keep the system alive is something that came up in the reading as well. The interview also touched on the topic of how big technology companies are using their customers to train their machines for them for free. A case that he pointed out was Google’s reCAPTCHA program, the thing where you have to click on pictures that contain the objects they are ask you to identify. An example of this would be the user having to click pictures that contain cars until there are no more shown before being able to proceed to their desired destination. The companies set up their products in a way that we have no choice but to participate in order to continue using their service. What I gather from this reading is that companies are getting smarter in ways they can use everyday people to work for them and, in turn, people are becoming more like machines due to this. Schmieg thinks that people need a way to voice their opposition to such procedures, and I agree. 
