  The second reading is basically an interview with Sebastian Schmieg. The interview was unfolded around his net-art work ‘I Will Say Whatever You Want In Front of a Pizza’ and talked about multiple things, which include digital labors, lean platforms, database, artificial intelligent and its possibility, and some comparison between human and AI/coding/internet. After read the article and watch the video, I believe Sebastian want us to focus onto the phenomenon that not only computers are replacing people. but people are trying to act like computers. In my opinion, the phenomenon is derived from the habit of people, which we are more likely to rely on things that looks formal, neat and perfect. From the images that we create for our god to iphone we use today, there are so many examples proves the fact that our human only trust best things. However, while the internet bring us more efficient way to connect each other, the influence that the habit bring us has been amplified as well. As Individuals, we always want to get the best services or goods for the amount of money we paid. On ther other hand, such phenomeny limited the diversity of the world. I think it is the point Sebastian wants to talk, which is a topic have less thing to do with technology, but more about the phenomeny we currently faced. I think the internet is just a platform that speeded up the progress and bring us to face the problem soon. Meanwhile, companies such as Fiverr and Uber is a result we reached according to our ‘habit’, while Artificial Intelligent is another result (which could be a final one) we are going to obtain according to our belief to ‘best’ and ‘perfect’. To be honest, it is hard to say such progress is something bad; otherwise, it is going to be an adventure to against our own instinct. I believe such contradiction will be something we have to worry about in the following years. 
