The way “How democratic is the internet in post-internet art education?” is organized as a collaborative essay allowing multiple people to contribute to it is an interesting concept. However, the ideas that it collects into one place causes the essay to feel very scattered. Despite its intention to bring together various viewpoints on the main question, because each writer has a different idea it becomes difficult to follow along with the essay. Reading through each paragraph I feel as though after grasping one person’s response of using the internet in post-internet art education I’m thrown off by reading the next person’s response. Perhaps the essay could have been arranged based on each person’s opinion on the argument in order for the reading to be more organized and easier to follow.
As for the question the essay poses, I feel that using the internet in post-internet art education is indeed democratic in the sense that it allows people to learn at their own pace. However, there’s also disadvantages to that vast freedom. One of them is the social part that usually comes with education. During the time in which I took an online class I was given the freedom to work on assignments whenever I wanted before the deadline. While that was liberating for my schedule, I found that there was a limit to how much I could learn solely from the internet. Even if there are so many sites to look at there’s the question of whether or not it was reliable. If I couldn’t find the answer I was looking for then the only thing I could do was hope I could get an answer from the teacher over email since there were no students for me to bounce ideas off of, and even then it wasn’t certain that I’d be able to understand. So while I think that using the internet for education is helpful, I don’t think it should be the only method of learning.
