Cleia Dantas - Reading #4
----------------------

How democratic is the internet in post-internet art education?
----------------------

I used to view the internet as a window to the world, people could finally have access to large amounts of information and therefore acquire knowledge that was out of reach before. The digital environment should be a democratic space where anyone can publicize content, access information, and connect with others independent of where they live. Instead, this view has been replaced by concerns about information overload and paid targeted ads disguised as blogs and articles. What was meant to liberate us is now punishing us. The internet has become a place where it’s easy to get lost and confused or mis-directed, it’s an irreversible and unavoidable distraction as one of the participants mentioned. The vast access to content increases our dependency on a system which have positive and negative impact on people’s live. The intercultural environment created over the years has benefited art-education as artists have a place to express their artistic abilities and their position on important issues. At the same time, it has created bubbles of like-minded people that can be difficult for different opinions to be considered. The abundance of paid for content with misleading or commercial purposes has taken over the internet, sometimes making it impossible to discern what is true versus what is false depending on the subject searched. Therefore, the original purpose of the internet has been hijacked by some who’s aim is only to profit.
