I think I am very comfortable learning with the internet. When studying my undergrad program in Taiwan, I am always the person help everybody to download cracked Adobe software, share online tutorial resources, invite my friends to try new tools like free design libraries. That’s why when it comes to the education aspect,  I never felt there is any downside of the internet. However, the responses of this crowd-sourced essay inspire me to think more. 

To begin with, I agree with Timothy Smith’s viewpoint. He provides a very comprehensive and detailed discussion from potential methodologies to the evolution of the curriculum content. But I want to focus on the other’s responses. Compare to Smith’s optimism, Shelley Hannigan’s response is on the opposite. Indeed, the internet has a huge contribution to ideas developing. After Youtube, Instagram, Pinterest, and others social media came up, they make it easier to access any type of references than a decades ago. However, this also limits our originality of creating like Hannigan mentioned. Just stop and think, do you always google rather than brainstorming when assigned a project? Have no ideas about building a website? Just google and download thousands of templates. Can't do 3D modeling by your own? There are a lot of free resources you can explore. The internet, on the other hand, encourages us to take everything online for granted, more or worse, it leads to endless plagiarisms and copycatting. 

In addition, the digital divide is generally ignored. People impulsively assume that everybody has a personal laptop and mobile phone, can easily go online everywhere.  This is a technological hegemony and eliminates those who don't have equivalent experiences, prevented them from involving in discussions and collaborations. Remember the online filter bubble?  Our mindless online behaviors may influence the data we search. Why could I always find the newest cracked software? Because I had spent much much time searching keywords like “Adobe photoshop free download”, and the algorithm knows my preferences, but my classmates who knew nothing about the algorithm, they would never figure out how to find the resources they really need. This is not a democracy.

Back to the question, "How democratic is the internet in post-internet art education?" My answer is unsure. The internet is a wonderful place that inspires millions of amazing artists, but it is not a perfect and liberal system and has traps for innocents. Can we distinguish the differences between plagiarism and tribute of internet works? Is meme a sort of free resource that we can feel free to apply to our art practices? All in all, we should always think about the core of post-internet art, and use technology more carefully.
