The first impressions for this essay set in even before one starts reading it, really it starts when you even hear the concept. The idea of a democratically written essay is if nothing else novel, and considering it is about how the internet can alter education to be more democratic, it serves as a proof of concept for the very thing it discusses. That’s pretty intriguing. Unfortunately in doing this it in a way highlights some of the problems inherent with the concept, and according to some of the responses democracy in practice as a whole. See, some of the contributors to the essay aren’t actually great writers. Their writing is stilted. It lacks fluidity, and in some cases completely changes the format into poetry. Sure that’s novel, but it doesn’t make for a particularly good essay in my opinion. It lacks cohesion. 
	To briefly paraphrase one of the responses, democracy is definitely preferable to alternatives, but it has a concerning effect on people in the system, at least in America. We fall into the trap of thinking that being ignorant on what we are contributing to is valid. That isn’t really the case. If you’re going to participate in a system you should be obligated to understand what effect on it your actions will have. Now, this may seem a bit hyperbolic particularly when talking about something as relatively low stakes as an experimental essay, but to an extent it’s accurate. The fact of the matter is, having tons of different writers of varying quality is jarring, and I fear it will damage the actual power of the essay barring this very specific example, where that's the whole point.
	This is somewhat tangential but I saw it in one of the responses and I’m tired of hearing it. This seems as good a place to complain as any. The responder suggests that the internet creates so many busy spaces that one is in a constant state of overstimulation. I hear this or similar sentiments fairly often, particularly in regards to cell phones, but the people who bring it up seem to forget that these are optional activities. No one's forcing you to use facebook, and linkedin. If you’re feeling overstimulated take a break.
