<p> How democratic is the internet in post-internet art education? This question already shows us the author’s opinion that the author believe that the internet is democratic. However, people in the responses gives us more information about if they think there is democracy or not.</p>
<p>Raphael mentioned that there must be democracy involved because “art and education cannot escape the internet”. In my opinion, this idea really related to what we study today, digital media art, which includes the net art. Maybe several centuries ago, art never related to internet. When people talked about art, it was mostly about drawings and paintings, sometimes photos and videos. However, the internet and art become super connective now. For example, we can see others artwork online, and people always share their idea, projects and design on the internet, and everyone could learn from it.<p/>
<p>Also, Shelley Hannigan’s idea, it reminds a lot between people and internet. She said that as technology becomes more and more powerful, people spend long time on those social media and online stuff, so she felt really surprised when she saw that there are still some people working something by there hand rather than computer or other machine. For those people who cannot live with out internet, is more likely be controlled by internet. Originally, people invented internet is for convenience and advancement, but now, it seems the advancement of internet brings more barriers to our life. Shelley view the internet as un-democratic, because internet make some people only know how to deal with computer rather than working something by hand.</p>
