The question proposed in the reading, “How democratic is the internet in post-internet art?”, provides a variety of opinions and views from individuals in the art world. While many say there are elements of democracy coming from the internet, there is almost always a “but” statement to their responses. When I look into this question, I first look at what it means to be within a democracy and its principles. In a democracy, the “powers of the government are based on the     consent of the governed.” Essentially, it all has to do with the will of the people. It’s true from many statements that the internet is a tool for us artists to use. Presently, it’s probably one of the main things that influence us whether in the medium or the concept of it. Some of my works were inspired by how the internet has an effect mentally and socially on humans. Angeles believes post internet art education to be democratic because of this. The widespread information that is easily available to many people create others to learn and create for themselves. They are also able to publicize their works without much trouble(getting their name out there not so much). However, Angeles also points out that it’s an individual’s choice in whether to use the internet as a tool or use it properly. That is why many have to go through a lot of terrible pieces of work before finding a gem. 
Ryan Shin has a more negative response to the question which I can’t help but agree with. Shin states that the internet is “unsafe” in terms of social and moral ethics stating “we only connect with people we want to share the same values and views creating an isolated and closed community.” That’s not surprisingly seeing as so many people are on the internet with many polarizing views. Often times, anything can bring about controversy; bias and misinformation are also spread; people arguing that their are the ones in the right and hate speeches ensure. Given our political climate, this has gotten even worse in the last decade. Sin has a right in being concern of how post art education is used within these segregated groups. With all that said, internet in post-internet art does have aspects in democratic views. However, the powers of the internet based on the consent of the governed is questionable given the mass diversity of views. Education is there. Whether they are agreed upon as a whole is not.
