Reading the initial prompt about the level of democracy for the internet in a post-internet world and how it plays into art education was an interesting experience. The prompt was based off of a paper titled “Digital Collaboration: Why Proximity Matters” that touched on the idea of the role accessible internet technologies have in the creative space and was open for anyone around the world to answer. An excerpt from Coleman acknowledges the tendency to consider the internet as a forever place, that everything you do on it stays there for all eternity. Particular websites on the platform serve as a place to broadcast one’s opinions knowing that it will leave a mark. The three responses I read  following all of this all differ in their opinion on the matter. The first one, submitted by a music educator from the University of Melbourne, has a positive view towards the connection between democracy and creativity. The responder thinks that information is accessible to all through democracy will allow for more resources for free, yet does not think that it will replace in-person tutoring. Another person from Deakin University also technology with internet will allow for more art education opportunities but did not believe that this distribution will be equal for all items. This unevenness in attention, in this person’s opinion, does not make the internet any better of a place to display art than a traditional gallery. A third response I read from someone attending the University of Arizona had a completely different opinion than the other though. This person thought that the web has become unsafe and actually are a cause for separation amongst people. After reading these three responses, I came out knowing just a tiny bit more than I did going in. I felt as though the initial prompt was open-ended and it showed through the responses. Although it was interesting to read the different thoughts of people, it also would’ve been nice to read answers that weren’t so drastically different (so that I could’ve compared them easier and more fairly). 
