	The reading ‘How democratic is the internet in post-internet art education?’ is an article about the art education under the post-internet background. Curators of the article, Kathryn Coleman and Katherine Barrand, believe the post-internet brings a democratic environment and it is able to help us to achieve a ‘fair’ teaching system instead of a top-down instruction. I think the authors stated good ideas in this article, and some of the ideas they described is already happening today. When I think back to classes I took from SJSU, there are many times that instructors teach us by introducing videos and articles from public resources such as from Vimeo, Youtube, WordPress or even random online magazines. It seems informal at first, while on the internet there are much more idea and opinion to take than only from traditional teaching materials. For example, there are a lot of techniques only practiced by individuals or small business but have a bright prospect; in the post-internet age, it becomes possible for them to share their experiences while expanding their business at the same time. Such internet activity definitely created a ‘democratic’ environment which referred by authors. It not only makes the education system more brilliant, but also drove the global advancement.
	
	On the other hand, as the authors state in the very first of the article, the democrat that the post-internet brings to us has defects. Like the freedom in real life also attract crimes, there are serious and controversial problems such as copyright, social media content, cyber-violence and more. At the same time, a ‘democratic’ internet also means contents on the internet are posted from various kind of resources. No matter the content is useful or useless, good or bad, real or fake, they all mixed in the same melting pot. As a result, it is hard to define what is useful or not. In my opinion, while the education under post-internet age becoming more and more flexible, we still need minimal guidance to help student and instructor forward to the direction we wish to see. Indeed, it could unconsciously limit our capabilities and possibilities, especially for art students. However, as everything cannot be perfect, it is our responsibility to decide what we gain and what we lose in order to keep a stable and lasting development.
