http://scacalarts.com/p1/room.html

For this project, I decided to focus on a common and personal topic that I tend to explore in mot of my works. The piece displays a simple website surrounding the a very prevalent social issue that occurs in many people's lives. Depression and anxiety are both serious problems that most individual deal with behind closed downs. Some seek help. Others don't. The ones that don't really do wish for help, a escape; anything to ease their minds. However, many are too afraid and thus keep silent. Friends of mine and even myself, have dealt with these feelings, and we usually escape to our safe spaces to be alone. Most of the time, that would be our bedrooms. Where we can be ourselves privately. Where we are left to think. However, they are the places where we are most alone. Where we allow those intrusive thoughts to fester. This piece follows one of these individuals, and the user can have a little glimpse; a window to their world by looking at some of the items found in her room. Some elements are hidden within some of the pages if the user looks carefully. I want to focus not only on depression, but sense of loneliness and one goes throught. This piece was mostly done using html and css, however only some javascript was used. The aesthetic of the piece that I wanted was a black and white colorscheme as most of my images and gifs were from japanese graphic novels and drawings. The look of the site was inspired by the works of Junji Ito. Issues on the project including being unable to load sound for the background, making objects into buttons and placing them on top of the background image, and conflicts with the browzer as chrome could not support certain elements(images, sound, sketches).
