The first piece which caught my eye was The File Room by Antoni Muntada. It was a temporary, open-ended database featuring past records of censorship in the media. Its mission was to reintroduce this deleted and suppressed material back into the public eye. The project had a glaring problem however, it was near impossible for the database to be completed on its own. This led the artist to invite its visitors to submit their own examples to the database. The File Room had a somber, bureaucratic aesthetic, lacking the playfulness of other early web projects.  It claimed no objectivity, instead proposing this alternate model of community-driven collections of knowledge and distribution. I enjoyed the combination of filing cabinets and computer screens integrated within them, creating a unique look. 

Another piece I found was Olia Lialina’s My Boyfriend Came Back from the War, which uses the basic elements of HTML code to create an interesting narrative. It tells the story of a young woman who is reuniting with her boyfriend as he returns from a far-off war. The piece combines the use of browser frames, hypertext, and both still and animated images to convey this narrative. The images are striking, with dynamic use of black and white photography to create a somber look, along with text such as “I keep your photo here.” Lialina uses the web to challenge our understandings of the how our memory is organized. What is really interesting is she considers any and all remakes and remixes of her projects to be official extension of the piece. 

The final piece I discovered on the Net Art Anthology was Reabracadabra by Eduardo Kac in 1985. It was a visual poem created and shown on a pre-internet telecommunications network based in Brazil known as Videotexto. This service was implemented in 1982 and offered public information, a special peer to peer messaging system, and were mostly available in public places due to the difficulty in finding phone lines during this time. Kac states he drew inspiration from the 1959 Neo-Concrete manifesto, “which argued that a poem or text is fundamentally dynamic and should be considered as an element within an overall three-dimensional environment.” The piece itself is an old-school geometric shaped A, reminiscent of the video game Asteroids from the 1980’s. I enjoyed the aesthetic of the letter isolated in space, alone amongst the debris, almost like the public after the fall of Brazil’s dictatorship during this time period. 
