https://anthology.rhizome.org/female-extension - Cornelia Sollfrank 1997 – Female Extension -
The idea of submitting three hundred art pieces using different accounts was unique and new at the time, however none of her submission won any prizes. One might question the impartiality of the judges who only selected male artists as winners. In a statement she said she wanted to destroy the competition and question the function of the art institutions. However, Sollfrank artwork was focused on quantity while other artists might have submitted fewer entries with more depth and quality. Therefore, her work could have been diluted due to her usage of many different accounts and the judges might not have seen her three hundred submissions as a single entry resulting in her loss. In other words, creating three hundred submissions led to a significant reduction on the quality of each individual submission. Sollfrank’s use of automatic scripts to generate art in 1997 might have affected the quality of each individual piece as well. An automatic solution tends to generate similar patterns over time. This technological limitation is even valid today, even though the use of Artificial Intelligence attempts to prevent repetitiveness in the creation of art by computers.
In another note, her idea to challenge the institutions could have been inspired by Duchamp’s Fountain. Where the artist challenged art institutions by submitting one, at the time and according to some members of the Society of Independent Artists, an absurd entry using a 90-degree rotated urinal as an art piece. Interestingly, that latter Duchamp re-submitted the same art piece which was accepted and recognized as provocative leading to the request of sixteen replicas years later.
 Finally, one might question the Sollfrank’s hypothesis about the impartiality of the judges. Perhaps it could have been a better idea to submit half of the art pieces as male artists, thus giving the experiment a baseline for comparison. Her courage in putting her carrier in risk when challenging the favoritism played by art institutions should have been recognized as disruptive and innovative. 

https://anthology.rhizome.org/my-boyfriend-came-back-from-the-war -
In My Boyfriend Came from the War by Olia is an example of hypertext poetry. The artist approach to the medium was very different from what we usually see in a web site. Olia creates a nonlinear story that allows viewers to navigate between fragmented phrases and images. As a result, the art piece can have different forms of interpretation every time someone browses the story. 
