The first out of three pieces that caught my interest and read up on was The Revolving Internet by Constant Dullaart 2010. His work brought attention to the largest and well known infrastructure that is mostly used by users of the internet, which is the google search page. Many users start their internet browsing at the google search page, which is a starting point that would lead us to infinite routes when searching the web. In Dullaart’s perspective, the internet gave the freedom to users to create content however they want, but by 2010 users moved from content creation to using platforms that are already created. I tried browsing on the Revolving Internet and it was a challenge trying to click on the web addresses to the point where it became nauseating. Nevertheless, browsing on the Revolving Internet became entertaining because not only did it feel like I was watching a video but I was able to access any web page, the same way a google browser performs. 

The second piece that I read and found interesting was Out_4_Pizza by the Laura Brothers 2007 - ongoing. Brother’s piece has been on an ongoing blog since 2007 and each posts contains a title with images on a black background. What makes these posts and piece all together interesting is the exploration of “paintings” using a computer with the presence of an online audience. I find it interesting how Brother’s utilizes vertical scrolling to enable different ways we may see the piece and can take up a whole new narrative of the piece. Brothers stated that “I want the character of the image to come to life only to tell the same story over and over”, and I thought it was clever that her images were pixelated because it adds to the effect and brings out motion when I scroll up and down as I look through each image. It’s a creative way to create a repetitive act of storytelling with her images. Her work is still on-going, which makes me feel like I can track the Brother’s thought process and production throughout the years of making this piece.  

The final piece that I also found interesting was Grobari by Aleksandra Domanovic 2009. Grobari are stacks of about several thousands of papers that depict images printed on their sides when they are printed out from their PDF form. What caught my attention was the fact that Domanovic was able to create these “vertical side images” and gave access to the online PDF to everyone so that they can also take apart of the movement that was inspired by the piece. The fact that these works serve as the formation of the lost virtual identity of the .yu internet domain. 
