https://anthology.rhizome.org/versions

I find the artwork" Versions(2010)", the video essay created by artist Oliver Laric in 2010 is meaningful. The main purpose of Versions is to explore the issue of manipulation, re-appropriation, and plagiarism of artworks through history. 
The examples in Versions includes a series of Roman statue based on the frame of Greek's, and several comparisons of images and films, such as two classic Disney animated movies "Winnie the Pooh" and "Tarzan", which apparently used the same storyboard template. 

It is no doubt that a recognizable visual icon is iterative; it generates a specific cultural meaning while utilized repeatedly in the different type of arts. Accordingly, We can discover this phenomenon from contemporary pop culture. 
For example, this viral YouTube video “Every Single Anime Opening Ever Made”(https://youtu.be/Nsg14SC5pKE), collects the typical elements and storyboards like running scenes used in the opening songs design of Japanese animations. After continually shown up in the different animated,  these elements thus become the essential patterns that effectively trigger audiences'  feelings. Also, if we google "movie poster design ideas", "elements in movie poster"  there is a series of posters used very similar compositions, that enables the viewers to easily catalog the type of a movie and imagine the specific scenes in it. (http://justsomething.co/13-popular-movie-posters-cliches/)

On the other hand, the work "Maria Justitia, 2010" by Laric is also a captivating work. He remodeled the Virgin Maria statue and gave it a meaning of justice by simply removing the Christ child and putting on a balance, like the famous Lady Justice statue. 
This work reminds me of a French artist Soasig Chamaillard, whose work is about remixing traditional statues with pop culture icons. Based on the accessible blessed Virgin Mary sculptures, Soasig Chamaillard replaces the head with cartoon or video game characters like Mario brothers, Sailor Moon, and even Hello Kitty. He repainted the old statues with vivid color, which exactly suits the design of a cartoon character. Therefore, the purpose of the statued has changed from a purely religious meaning to a conflicted sense. I try my best to figure out what I see is an insane Virgin Mary or a devout Hello Kitty? Are Soasig Chamaillard' s works a kind of art or just toy models?

Overall, we now live in an digital age composed of massive images and pictures, as Laric said, "The more images, mediations, intermediaries, icons are multiplied and overtly fabricated, explicitly and publicly constructed, the more respect I have for their capacities to welcome, to gather, to recollect meaning, and sanctity."  It is inevitable that we will access more and more versions of meme from pop culture or contemporary art field, and how to embrace and explore the phenomenon is what we should learn in this century.

