
The first piece that I reviewed was Distributing Martin by POPE.L 2000-2008. After reading the idea behind distributing martin and visiting Pope L’s website the black factory, I was left with a lot more questions than answers design wise. The website itself was a little confusing to navigate through, although I think that might of been the aesthetic he was trying for. Despite the confusing design set up, Pope was pretty ahead of his time. As mentioned in the artwork’s description; “Distributingmartin thus opened up an important line of inquiry for considering the materiality of networked circulation and its implications for artistic uses of the internet”. This I do agree with as Pope’s website was created in 2000 and provided a place for other artist to post and share their thoughts and ideas on important discussions such as race. This was pretty innovative at the time regarding having a internet outlet for artist, especially for such dense topics. Besides the web pages set up and aesthetic, it is a very interesting piece of artwork and brings together important social issues in an artistic way. 

The second piece that I reviewed was Mouchette by Martine Neddam. The work explores the dark mind of a adolescent girl mostly inspired by suicide. While the piece was made in 1996 I think it covers an interestingly dense topic with a surprisingly girly aesthetic. Before exploring the piece I thought that it would have a more morbid and gothic look and feel to the work but was shocked by the feminine prints and pastel colors. I think this design goes perfectly with the theme of the art piece and maybe even opens the question that dark matters such as teenage suicide are more normal and common than society tries to play it off as. Suicide on its own is a very difficult topic to get people to view or listen to let alone when it comes to teenage girls. I really like how Neddam mixed in gore and weird background noises to maybe even add to the uneasy feeling you have while viewing the piece. I think that Neddam gets the reaction she is going for and it is interesting to see a different spin on this topic in an art sense. 

The third piece that I reviewed was Miao Ying’s Blind Spot. The art piece was very politically inspired and although it was done in 2007 it still rings true today. While Ying’s work is both eye opening and creative you have to also appreciate the labor intensive aspect that went into this piece. You can tell how passionate Ying is about the topic of censorship by the media and government and she did what most were unwilling to do. Seeing just how much of our daily words and language is censored or shunned is astonishing and Ying did a fantastic job of bringing this to light. 
