The Female Extension by Corneila Sollfrank is one of the first acts of cyberfeminism. This piece definitely emphasized the issue of male dominance in the art world through a net art competition. The piece was mostly a response to that issue at the expense of the competition and its jury. Essentially, Sollfrank managed to create over 200 identites of artists (thats two thirds of the participants) that were "participating" in the competition (whom were all female). The artworks remixed HTML from other websites and the jury did not seem to understand the context behind the pieces. In the end, all male contestants were awarded prizes although most of the competitiors were female. At the end of the competition Sollfrank made a press release admitting that the piece itself was her making the fake identities. A German newspaper even named her "Hacker of the Week"

Marisa's American Idol Audition Training Blog was an endurance performance that used blogging as its medium. Although the actual performance was not considered net art, the fact that she documented the American Diol auditioning process online made it so. Throughout the whole auditioning process, Marisa was pretty much in character. Toward the end she finally admitted to the audition being a performance piece. Through this piece she explored not only the process but the expectations of women participating in the competition and what it meant to be a singer. She mentions in her blog that the blog was to get young people into the voting process in the 2004 Presidential Election. Like Cornelia Sollfrank, Marisa Olson uses net art to emphasize the male dominance in the entertainment industry.
