The first artwork that I found interesting is called “RMB City”, by Car Fei, 2008-2011. This artwork is like a computer game, which shows a virtual world by 3D modeling, and it’s really cool. The name of the artwork attracted my eyes and it is all about china since the name “RMB” is the Chinese currency, and also, it is the most complicated artwork that I found on this website. The artist combines some landscapes in China from different cities and different time period and places them into a totally new environment to create this new “city”.After looking through her website, I found that anyone could log into and chose a character to live in this Second life. by focusing on the design of the city, I realized that the artist put everything unusually, which means the buildings and objects are not like what they should be like in the real life. For example, the panda is the treasure of China. It suppose to be in the nature rather than an industrial city, but the artist placed the panda as a hanging object at the top. Also, the Oriental Pearl Tower looks is almost falling down, the fire and smog in the sky and the Nest on the water. The entire city loos like a collage when I first looked at it. However, there might be some meaning behind this artwork. In my perspective, since the “city” seems a little bit messy, especially on the top part, the artist was trying to show how the development of China impact this country, by using irony. That is to say, the artist placed the panda, the tower and the Nest in a different way because she wanted to tell people that when we pay attention on developing the country, we ignore something important, such as environment and the nature.
The other piece that I like is called “Refresh” by Kristin Lucas, 2007. I like it because of the idea, the artist wanted to change her name from “Kristin Lucas” to Kristin Lucas”. When I first looked at this, I though that my eyes made mistakes on the texts so that I missed some words. However, what I saw is right, and this is definitely reflect the title, “Refresh”. Well, I think this could a good artwork about interaction, because it contains the communication between the judge and Kristin Lucas in a system, the court, with its invisible rules.
