There were two art pieces that I looked at from the website. One was "The Revolving Internet" by Constant Dullaart and "RMB City" by Cao Fei. While both pieces are over 9 years old, they still hold relevance to the present, even more so.

With "The Revolving Internet," the artist makes fun of the most common search browzer we see today. Google has become a big influence in our daily lives and have expanded into more platforms and other companies(ie YouTube) in recent years. However, going back, from trying out the website myself, it allows me to reflect on how companies like Google have influenced our way of navigating the internet. Google's search page is has a vey simple layout: white background, a search bar at the center, and a few tabs located at the top. Pass the search page is the results page with the what you searched on the top left and the results below it. Most search browzers are built like this. However, by revolving the website 360 degrees, the artist subverts our perception of that browser we're so familiar with. When trying out the website, I had a mix of being entertained and confused at the same time. Doing a few search results and even when it work properly, it became somewhat frustationg to navigate when the page revolved in a way that prevented me from seeing what I was typing or the results; even more so when it was turned upside down. It became slower and even nauseating after looking at it for awhile. How I looked at this made me see how the basic layout is so ingrained in our brains (myself included). It shows how Google and other platforms are placed in a way to make our lives more fast and convenient. We find it hard for us to think otherwise. A similar example can be seen from our smartphones. On the the home screen we have apps placed in a certain way for our convenience; the call, message, and camera on the bottom, important or most used apps on the first screen, and less important apps on the later screens or hidden away. If the apps were placed differently, for example the message app on another screen, it would feel strange or out of place for us. It leaves us to further discussion on how the future of technology and internet will further change our perception on how we see and use things.

In "RMB City" by Cao Fei, she builds a futuristic city in Second Life reflecting the economic state of China during that time(2007-2011). What I liked about the piece was not only the look and design, but how it reflected on Chinese culture and historical aspect of it. How the virtual city looked compact, crowded, but colorful, chainging, and always moving. The Chinese symbols scattered around even representing luck and occasionally events and celebrations being held there. However, in another sense, "RMB City" could also reflect upon modern society; both positively and negatively. While "RMB City" started off positively, showing the positive progression of Chinese economy and showing a representation of China's future; by 2011 with the economic crash the virtual city somewhat became a dark reminder or shell of what it once was. In a way it's meaning changed. Looking at the city as is, we could see how it's a lot similar to how society is, not so much economically but in other areas. The city's crowdedness/busyness and constant changing, is a lot how everyone is today; never stopping, always dramatically changing, growing, and always something new. In this age- with technology, constant building, and an ever growing population; what's to say we aren't like "RMB City?"

https://anthology.rhizome.org/the-revolving-internet

https://anthology.rhizome.org/rmb-city
