The first piece I viewed, Aleksandra Domanovic's Grobari piece from 2009, is different from what I normally consider to be a net art piece. To me, net art usually refers to a website or a program that has a place on the internet. Domanovic’s work strays away from that classification as it is a PDF document thousands of pages long that is actually meant to be covering real life objects. The pages are either blank or white with borders of smoke so that they come together as one like pieces of a puzzle coming together to complete a picture. When assembled together, Grobari depicts black smoke in reference to the violence that occurred during and after the dissolution of Yugoslavia’s Socialist Federation. It is not “net art” in the sense that it exists on the web but it was made using technology and spread using the internet. In ways I find it the modern equivalent of a person hanging out papers in an attempt to raise awareness. 

Another piece that interested me was BIT plane, a 1997 - 1999 piece by the Bureau of Inverse Technology, a video created with various components to make up a mini plane that is able to record video. The Bureau of Inverse Technology used a remote control to navigate their creation over big (or at least big at the time) technology companies in various cities across Silicon Valley. The resulting video showed aerial footage of each company’s building and its surrounding area with accompanying text providing background information about the site. Every so often a black screen with text containing the same background information would appear for a brief few seconds before disappearing and then reappearing. BIT plane, just like Grobari, is an unconventional net art piece with it not being presented in the typical form of a program or website. It is another work that utilizes the internet as a sort of promotional platform rather than a foundation. What I found interesting about the content was that the footage is in black and white with a lot of static despite the fact that there were available that had the ability to record in better quality (and in color on top of that). Disregarding the subject matter, the flying contraption they used as well as the resulting footage makes the entire thing seem like a test run for a drone prototype. If you include the subject though, the entire thing can be interpreted as a commentary on surveillance: how these big, emerging tech companies use technology to watch over us and how there is little privacy in the world. 
