John rafman

John rafman is atalented artist. I love his Google Catches and his video related to his dream. In his Google catches art piece, he impressed us by how he composed those random pictures generated by the AI, by carefully selecting and cutting the images with incident scenes on them.
It reminds me of how the medias work. Things happend everyday everywhere on everyone. Some of them are interesting but most of them are not. We don't pay full attention on all of them, just like the general street shotings on Google Map, are meaningfuless but for its functional purpose. And the media--like John rafman, select the infomation, select the "interesting part" and show them to us, the medias and John rafman perform like he is the eyes of life, help us catch imfomation from the busy boring world. So this is why I think his work is such sensitive and interesting.

And related to his vedio art showed in class, I also love that. I love the chaos and unstable feelings the artwork offered. The rymth of the video is nicely controlled: start with a monologue, then messive robot people (detailed model with cloth, skins) get collided intermix a blue, emotional robot (but he doesn't looks like a human, he is box like and blue.) react to those collidings. Those contrast create a tense unstable, anxious feeling toward to audiences. Whenever an artwork arises a certain feeling of mine, it definetely can be called successful already.
In the video, people are colliding to each other, or hard edges. The robot-like people get sweeped by a huge stick, they fall off, tumble and "bunced" to everywhere, make me feel sort of hurt (it supposed to be) but since they are robot, they are emotionless and feelingless so they just freely let the enviornment do rough, brutal things to them, not thoughts, no feedback. Those apathetic robots strongly against the tense scene in the video--they suposed to be hurt. Those off-natural scene also created a unstable, weird feeling to us, echoes the begining of the video--the dream never ends.   

John rafman is sensitive, he caught the things that can be easily ignored in our world, sense the deepest feeling of our dream. He is, awesome.

