Professor Blanton

Art 175 

Lisa Gahart, Calvin Lee 

December 1, 2018 

Word Count: 1103

Final Paper

	
  
  For our final project, we wanted to incorporate the different materials that we had learned throughout the semester and intertwine them with other media pieces to create the concept for our chatbox art piece. One art piece that sparked our interest was the net art piece My boyfriend came back from the war by Olia Lialina. This piece shows heartbreak and love through a very dark and lonely aesthetic. Something that is so inspirational about this net art piece is the emotional aspect of it, “it resonates with other artists because it is among the earliest works of New Media art to produce the kind of compelling and emotionally powerful experience that we have come to expect from older, more established media, particularly film” (Rhizome 2018). We wanted to take pieces from this concept and incorporate it into a more modern art piece. The final concept behind our project is heartbreak and not being able to talk to the one person that you wish most in the world to talk to, but no longer being able to because they are not in your life anymore. Our chatbox will allow the audience or user to speak to the AI as if it is their loved one.
 There were a couple of movie inspirations along with personal experiences when it came to the idea of the concept behind our project. One in particular, is an episode from season two of the show Black Mirror. The storyline behind this episode is that of a girl whose boyfriend is tragically killed one day. A friend recommended that she uses an AI type text messaging system that “brings your loved one back to life” by computing all of her boyfriend's social media accounts into a person like a bot. It starts to become an addiction for her in a very relatable way in which we all have difficulty dealing with the grief of losing a loved one through loss, although we are solely focusing on the loss through a breakup. This situation can also be seen in the movie Her, as the characters talks to a female AI as a replacement for a girlfriend and lover. Dating, in general, has been completely transformed into the digital world as we solely rely on media and texting to communicate and relate to the ones we are romantically involved in. Media is constantly used as a coping mechanism, whether that be negative or positive, it is a very assessable tool. Talking and interacting with Ai’s has shown a lot of positive results, “Far from a weird tech niche (here’s looking at you, Aibo), developing relationships with our robots is going to be essential to us not only leading longer, happier lives but also making smarter machines to draw the best out of both us and our electronics”(Dormehl 2017). Although the issue with this is that robots cannot love us back or form an emotional connection, which may or may not be a good thing depending on how you look at it. To make our project more modern, we decided to incorporate the chatbox that we made through using Amazon web servers and node.js into a facebook messenger. This messenger box is used on a Facebook page titled, “The Person You Miss”. Theoretically, you are able to go to this facebook page and speak to the AI bot through the facebook messenger and talk to it as you would someone that you are romantically involved with.
Now, let us dive into the technical processes and challenges of creating the Ai bot project. Setting up the premise of the website was for the most part pretty easy as we just created a facebook page to further perpetuate our concept of having a website that is easily assessable to the public. The learning curve really started when it came to setting up the Amazon web services and using node js to create the “Claudia” messenger bot project that we were recreating. We had started the Amazon web server on my computer and but ended up moving it to Calvin's because my windows computer was having difficulty with the coding. The tutorial we watched for how to set up node js and run it in AWS was very straightforward and smooth but we kept running into small problems such finding my node.pem file within my computer and changing the user assessability in Calvin's computer. These small steps were frustrating and felt like we kept hitting a wall but with simple decoding and lots of help we were able to push past it and move on to the next steps such as running python in the web server. We ended up trying for a couple of days to keep moving forward with the Amazon web server and Claudia but things kept going south and we kept hitting walls so we ended up creating a chatbox solely from javascript. We started to explore a couple different projects online, many of which did not involve code to make the chatbox. We finally came across a project on code pen, the project was originally designed to be a chatbox that helped to set reminders and calendar information. We loved the aesthetic of the chatbox as it looked like how text messaging is designed and decided to go from there. We spend a lot of time watching the black mirror episode and creating a dialog that we thought would go really well our concept and revolving around the type of conversation that you would want to have with a loved one. The dialog was very personal and sincere in the way that it reassured the user of the feelings that this person “had”. While we are proud of the final design and our changes to the original code pen code, there are of course things that could be improved on if our project were to be in a gallery. One thing that we would have liked it to have is the three dots and pause of someone typing to make it seem more realistic and to also have a further dialog. In a dream world, we would be able to take personal information from the loved one and make it into a more personal dialog between the AI and user. All in all, it was a very fun project to do and a large learning curve for us both as far as Amazon Web Server. We hope someday that a project such as this can be made to help those learning to cope with the loss of a loved one. 

Bibliography 

Dormehl, Luke. (2017) “Why human-robot relationships are totally a good thing”. 
DigitalTrends.com 
https://www.digitaltrends.com/cool-tech/why-human-robot-relationships-are-good-for-us/ 
(retrieved December 4, 2018)

N.a. (2018) “My Boyfriend came back from the war”. Rhizome.org. 
https://rhizome.org/art/artbase/artwork/my-boyfriend-came-back-from-the-war/ (retrieved December 4, 2018) 


